Beauty trick, this is my Achilles heel
Calm down
Don't forget the original intention
Remember the mission
My original intention was to sleep with the princess
Then take the baby back
Sorry.
I'm not interested in them.
You don't like women?
Can't you?
Hey no no no
That's not what I mean. I
They feel they are too young
Haha, what kind of me do you like?
Like Cao Cao
Like a woman
Mr. Hahaha really has unique taste.
different
These two are the king's generals
That figure can be said to be ups and downs
Hello Mr. Zhang
I have seen the Admiral
How are you satisfied?
I took out the concubine
also
So-so huh
The old man also has dozens of concubines
You can choose whatever you want.
Absolutely not.
He married your concubine
Am I not a generation younger than him?
shut up
You can't even bear a few women
What else could be great?
I remember you have more than a dozen ladies
Bring it here and let me go
Choose well
Hahahaha